Update mention of ZEIT Now in hosting docs (#557)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: src/documentation/0010-node-hosting/index.md

### ZEIT Now

> If you'd like to deploy a static frontend powered by a serverless Node.js API, **ZEIT Now** is the right choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to deploy a static frontend powered by a serverless Node.js API, **Vercel** is the right choice.
```

> After [importing your Git repository](https://zeit.co/import), deploying an update is only a matter of `git push`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After [importing your Git repository](https://vercel.com/import), deploying an update is only a matter of `git push`.
```
